CHAOS-6086 Linux API modify header (#7357)
harness/developer-hub: docs/chaos-engineering/chaos-faults/linux/linux-api-modify-header.md

import FaultPermissions from './shared/fault-permissions.md'

Linux API modify header injects API fault into a Linux machine for a specific duration to override the header values of API requests and responses with the user-provided values for the given keys. This is achieved by starting the proxy server and redirecting the traffic through the proxy server.

![Linux API modify header](./static/images/linux-api-modify-header.png)

## Use cases
Linux API modify header:
- Simulate different authentication states or test the behavior of your application when using invalid or expired credentials.
- Validates the caching behavior of your API or client applications. By overriding cache-related headers, such as the "Cache-Control" or "ETag" headers, you can simulate cache validation scenarios.
- Tests content negotiation capabilities. By modifying the "Accept" header in the API request, you can simulate different content types or formats that the client application can accept.

<Ossupport />

<FaultPermissions />

### Mandatory tunables

<table>
  <tr>
    <th> Tunable </th>
    <th> Description </th>
    <th> Notes </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> headersMap </td>

>     <td> String body to overwrite the header.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td> A JSON map in string format that depicts comma-separated header keys and values.</td>
```

>     <td> If no value is provided, it throws an error. You can either modify the existing header by providing a new value for the key or add a new "key:value" to the header. For more information, go to <a href="#advanced-fault-tunables"> modify header. </a></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td> For Example: <code>{"X-Litmus-Test-Header": "X-Litmus-Test-Value"}</code>. You can either modify the existing header by providing a new value for the key or add a new "key:value" to the header. For more information, go to <a href="#advanced-fault-tunables"> modify header. </a></td>
```
